README.md, before:

# 11_AA_NoteTaker

## Description:
This application is an easy to use NoteTaker with Express.js. When you run it on your local server it allows the user to store their notes. 

## User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria:
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

Commit message:

updated readme with links and images

README.md, after:

# 11_AA_NoteTaker

## Description:
This application is an easy to use NoteTaker with Express.js. When you run it on your local server it allows the user to store their notes. Unfortunately, I didn't have the time to complete the 'bonus' delete functunality, but the app is up and running. 

## User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria:
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

$$ Images
![Screen Shot 2021-09-03 at 2 23 34 PM copy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81110930/132050698-8b40bb65-c28d-421e-853b-85539219aa2c.png)
![Screen Shot 2021-09-03 at 2 24 04 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81110930/132050771-7f98fa2c-8931-4f91-9ee5-b0fe095de725.png)

$$Links
* https://github.com/andadam24/11_AA_NoteTaker
* https://andadam24.github.io/11_AA_NoteTaker/
